Instead of spdlog's bundled fmt re-use it from CPM.cmake (#364)
cpm-cmake/CPM.cmake: examples/spdlog/CMakeLists.txt

CPMAddPackage("gh:gabime/spdlog@1.8.2")

> # spdlog uses fmt and bundles that dependency. If you want to use fmt anyway,
> # you can let spdlog re-use fmt from CPM.cmake like this:

Reviewer: I feel this rephrase makes it clearer to the reader what's happening.

```suggestion
# spdlog uses fmt and bundles that dependency. If you want to use fmt in your 
# project as well, you can let spdlog re-use fmt from CPM.cmake like this:
```
